# CoDiff: Towards Reliable Pseudo-Labels via Collaborative Difference Learning for Semi-Supervised Medical Image Segmentation (ICME 2026)
by Xingsheng Wei, Sheng Lian, Wenghao Chen, Huapeng Zhong, Jianwen Chen, and Hao Xu.

## Introduction
Semi-Supervised Medical Image Segmentation offers a promising solution for the challenge of limited annotated data. While methods like Bidirectional Copy-Paste (BCP) have shown progress, they still face unreliable pseudo-labels generated by the Mean-Teacher framework, which propagate errors and impair model performance. To overcome this, we propose \textit{CoDiff}, an innovative framework that leverages collaborative difference learning to combat unreliable pseudo-labels. It embeds the same unlabeled image into different labeled contexts, thereby enforcing consistency regularization across two collaborative models. The core of CoDiff lies in its direct assessment of pseudo-label reliability at the feature level, which allows models to selectively assimilate knowledge from their counterparts, prioritizing learning from high-confidence regions and ultimately enhancing segmentation performance and robustness. Experiments on the LA, Pancreas-NIH, and ACDC datasets demonstrate that CoDiff consistently outperforms state-of-the-art methods in DSC and even surpasses fully supervised baselines on 3D datasets, highlighting its effectiveness and practical applicability in low-annotation regimes.

## Usage

Train
```
python ./code/train_LA.py
python ./code/train_ACDC.py
``` 

Test
```
python ./code/test_LA_test.py
python ./code/test_ACDC.py
```

## Acknowledgements
Our code is based on [BCP](https://github.com/DeepMed-Lab-ECNU/BCP). Thanks for these authors for their valuable work.